feat: Jobs (#406)
b2io/base2.io: _content/jobs/02-front-end.md

---

> description: We’re looking for someone with a strong desire to solve real-world problems with web and mobile technologies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: We’re looking for someone who is excited about solving real-world problems with web and mobile technologies in a collaborative, client-focused environment.
```

path: front-end-developer
position: Front-end Developer
active: true
---

### Requirements

> - Interest in contributing to front-end UI/UX development

Reviewer: What are we trying to communicate here? Something like "you shouldn't hate working on UIs"?

- Competency using debugging tools and troubleshooting
- Comfortable with direct client contact and communication

### Front-end Technologies We Frequently Use

> 

Reviewer: Does it make sense to add Gatsby and Git to this list?

Author: Gatsby makes sense to me. Git is more of a source control though 🤷‍♂

- JavaScript (ES6+)
- React
- React Native
- Aurelia

> - CSS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CSS (Sass, Styled Components)
```
